# CS255-DriverPassBusinessandSystemDesignDocuments
The Business Requirements and System Design documents from CS-255 projects 1 and 2

Briefly summarize the DriverPass project. Who was the client? What type of system did they want you to design?
For this project, we used an interview transcript between a system design team and their client DriverPass.  DriverPass wants to offer online driver education resources and let customers schedule in-person training for driving lessons, through a web-based application designed to be opened from any device with an internet connection.  The DriverPass system also relies on reciving notifications from the already existing and external DMV system whenever there is updates to driving education policies, regulations, or learning materials. Customers would also be able to take practice tests, and view their course progress.  Other users for this system include the administrators, who want to view and print reports related to business operations, the secretary, who helps with customer registration and scheduling/modifying training schedules, and the IT Personnel, who are responsible for managing user accounts and the DriverPass system.  DriverPass is also designed to be hosted on a cloud-based environment that will also take care of doing backups and providing security for the system.

What did you do particularly well?  If you could choose one part of your work on these documents to revise, what would you pick? How would you improve it?
While working on projects 1 and 2, I personally felt that I excelled in incorporating feedback to improve my business requirements document.  However, where I felt my biggest weakness was in this project was the diagrams I created for the system design decoument.  There were several problems with my diagrams, such as forgetting logic to process when appointments are available or processing the steps to reschedule an appointment in the activity diagram or using the wrong logic to process alternative outcomes for registering a user in the sequence diagram.  In order to improve this, I would review the feedback on my diagrams and edit and add the correct logic so that the diagrams are more accurate compared to my original submission.

How did you interpret the user’s needs and implement them into your system design? Why is it so important to consider the user’s needs when designing?
In order to interpret what needs the users have for DriverPass, I reviewed the DriverPass interview transcript.  I noted what DriverPass stated users should be able to do, and organized these functions based on who the user was.  It's important to consider the user's when designing the system as the user can "influence every facet from the conceptual framework to the intricate details of functionality, ensuring a user-centered design appraoch in systems engineering. (Wayne, 2024, para. 28)."  Considering the users also ensures that all intended functions in the system work correctly, and that there are no deficiences within the system.  

How do you approach designing software? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to analyze and design a system?
For me, I would appraoch software design by first gathering all the materials and documents needed to identify the users and fuctionality of the system I am working on.  I would then work on gathering the business requirements and determine the nonfunctional and functional requirements for the system.  I would also begin on creating UML diagrams that support the intended functionality of the system and it's intended users.  I would also utilize collaborating with other team members (if available) to ensure that there are no unaccounted functionality or gaps in logic that would cause problems if the system was functional.  
